[Music]
okay aerobics three two one go comment
down below if you would be in Eden's
aerobics class okay now do your grand
finale you know what I'm talking about
that's been to too long you can Cyber
Monday and so I wanted to buy everything
that I gave my brother's Prezi
and I have one other person in my family
that I was by present porch and then I
am done Christmas shopping for my family
so
happy vlogmas everyone I feel the jaw
release feel
[Music]
good
if I could just
[Music]
it feels good yeah that feeling comes
out that felt really good
there are a couple of spots I was like
it wasn't quite or it didn't sound
exactly I wanted to overall so next
thing is after school we have play
practice which is like a winter
fundraiser and sometimes we go to play
sometimes we do something else and so
this year we're doing a magical dinner
so that is that was for you YouTube
[Applause]
[Music]
we're cutting that
I am now obviously at my house in my
living room and I ate a salad I changed
and now I'm going to edit this video so
that's what I'm gonna do I wanted to
come here because of the fireplace but I
have to move all those because I don't
want them to catch on fire and burn my
house down so that's what I'm gonna do
right now
this will be my home for the next
probably hour - so let's do it
[Music]